PR for bug bash review - Shared/convert api documentation update (#542)
microsoft/FHIR-Converter: docs/how-to-guides/configuration-settings.md

Reviewer: Added a section on default configurations in the deployment-options doc

## Monitoring

The FHIR converter service emits custom logs and metrics to provide information on your service and invocation of the conversion APIs, that could be used for insights or troubleshooting.

These can be viewed using Azure Container App's Azure Monitor Log Analytics.
Refer [Monitoring](monitoring.md) for more information on how to view logs and metrics emitted by your FHIR converter service.

Additionally, your FHIR converter service can be configured with an Application Insights resource, which allows you to visualize the custom metrics emitted in graphical format.
If you deployed the service using the quickstart deployment options, Application Insights is deployed by default and configured with your FHIR converter service.
Alternatively, to provide your own Application Insights resource to collect the telemetry for your service, (**TODO** instructions).

Refer [Application Insights Overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview) to learn how to customize Application Insights for your requirements.

## Additional configurations

### Azure Container App

> The provided [deployment options](deployment-options.md) setup the FHIR converter service to run on Azure Container Apps, which is configured with basic settings intended for testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The provided [deployment options](deployment-options.md) set up the FHIR converter service to run on an Azure Container App, which is configured with basic settings intended for testing.
```

nit

Azure Container Apps offers various configurable options for your app, that you can update to better suit your requirements:

* To manage hardware requirements that meet your workload requirements, refer [Workload profiles](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-apps/workload-profiles-overview)
.
* To manage automatic scaling of your service, refer [Scaling & performance](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-apps/scale-app?pivots=azure-cli).
* To manage ingress of your service and advanced networking configurations, refer [Networking, ingress, and network security](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-apps/networking?tabs=workload-profiles-env%2Cazure-cli).

## Summary

In this how-to-guide, you learned how to configure your FHIR converter service in Azure, with your desired settings.

> Once the service is setup, you can use the endpoint corresponding to the application url of your Container App running the web service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the service is set up, you can use the endpoint corresponding to the application url of your Container App running the web service.
```

nit
